There are three methods in which robots with multiple degrees of freedom(i.e joints) can be controlled. These control methods are position, velocity and torque control. The method that will be the focus of this study is torque control, which allows for the control of a robot and the forces exerted at the different degrees of freedom. It is beneficial to use torque control as it allows the programmer to have greater control over the forces exerted at the end effectors. I will state practical examples that may help demonstrate the importance of torque control in robotic control systems. Firstly, if the robot was required to perform a task that needed precise movements such as controlling a scalpel in a medical robotics setting. If the forces are not controlled i.e. torque is not accounted for in the system, the robot may apply too much force which may have severe consequences in a medical setting in which precise movements and incisions is of up most importance. Another example is to imagine a robot that is dealing with fragile objects on an assembly line. The robot may be required to pick up and place the object in a particular pose(position and orientation). This would be problematic for robots without torque control as the forces exerted through the joints may cause the robot to damage the object which would have negative implications for the business using such a system. Often the chosen method used to control robotic systems is position control which allows simple manipulation of the end effector to reach a desired position, in which it can complete the programmed task. Preferably, it is better to use torque control as mentioned for precision and force control through the multiple degrees of freedom. The project will use reinforcement and machine learning techniques to produce a loss function that will minimize the error between the desired position that the robot should be configured to and the actual position. The overall aim is to use the loss function to minimize the error so the robot can reach a set position without significant amounts of drift. 

